Applying IBM styl guide, fixing typos (#1154)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/ref_che-theia-plug-in-metadata.adoc

.`meta.yml`

:===
`apiVersion`: API version (should be `v2`)
`category`: Available \: `Language`, `Other`
`description`: Description (a phrase)
`displayName`: Display name
`firstPublicationDate`: Date in the form `"YYYY-MM-DD"` Example\: `"2019-12-02"`
`icon`: URL of a svg icon
`name`: Name (no spaces allowed)
`publisher`: Name of the publisher
`repository`: URL of the source repository
`title`: Title (long)
`type`: `Che Plugin`, `VS Code extension`
`version`: Version information, for example\: `7.5.1`
`spec`: Specifications (see underneath)
:===

.`spec` attributes
:===

> `endpoints`: Plugin endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`endpoints`: Plug-in endpoints
```

`containers`: Sidecar containers for plug-in. `Che Plugin` and `VS Code extension` supports only one container

> `initContainers`: Sidecar init containers for plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`initContainers`: Sidecar init containers for the plug-in
```

`workspaceEnv`: Environment variables for the workspace

> `extensions`: Optional attribute required for VS Code/Theia plug-ins represented as a list of URLs to plug-in artifacts such as`.vsix/.theia` files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`extensions`: Optional attribute required for VS Code and Che-Theia plug-ins. A list of URLs to plug-in artefacts, such as `.vsix` or `.theia` files
```

:===

.`spec.containers`. Notice: `spec.initContainers` has absolutely the same container definition.
:===
`name`: Sidecar container name

> `image`: Absolute or relative Docker image URL 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`image`: Absolute or relative container image URL 
```

> `memoryLimit`: Kubernetes/OpenShift-spec memory limit string, for example "512Mi"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`memoryLimit`: Kubernetes or OpenShift memory limit string, for example `512Mi`
```

> `memoryRequest`: Kubernetes/OpenShift-spec memory request string, for example "512Mi"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`memoryRequest`: Kubernetes or OpenShift memory request string, for example `512Mi`
```

> `cpuLimit`: Kubernetes/OpenShift-spec CPU limit string, for example "2500m"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cpuLimit`: Kubernetes or OpenShift CPU limit string, for example `2500m`
```

> `cpuRequest`: Kubernetes/OpenShift-spec CPU request string, for example "125m"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cpuRequest`: Kubernetes or OpenShift CPU request string, for example `125m`
```

> `env`: List of environment variables to set in sidecar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`env`: List of environment variables to set in the sidecar
```

> `command`: String array definition of the root process command inside container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`command`: String array definition of the root process command in the container
```

> `args`: String array arguments for the root process command inside container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`args`: String array arguments for the root process command in the container
```

> `volumes`: Volumes required by plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`volumes`: Volumes required by the plug-in
```

> `ports`: Ports exposed by plugin (on the container)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ports`: Ports exposed by the plug-in (on the container)
```

> `commands`: Development commands available to plugin container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`commands`: Development commands available to the plug-in container
```

> `mountSources`: Boolean flag to bound volume with source code `/projects` to the plugin container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mountSources`: Boolean flag to bound volume with source code `/projects` to the plug-in container
```

:===

.`spec.containers.env` (and `spec.initContainers.env`) attributes. Notice: `workspaceEnv` has absolutely the same attributes
:===
`name`: Environment variable name
`value`: Environment variable value
:===

.`spec.containers.volumes` (and `spec.initContainers.volumes`) attributes
:===
`mountPath`: Path to the volume in the container
`name`: Volume name

> `ephemeral`: If true volume will be ephemeral, otherwise volume will be persisted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ephemeral`: If true, the volume is ephemeral, otherwise the volume is persisted
```

:===

.`spec.containers.ports` (and `spec.initContainers.ports`) attributes
:===
`exposedPort`: Exposed port
:===

.`spec.containers.commands` (and `spec.initContainers.commands`) attributes
:===
`name`: Command name
`workingDir`: Command working directory

> `command`: String array which define development command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`command`: String array that defines the development command
```
